Add links to Docker Engine SDK and the HTTP API (#12374)
docker/docker.github.io: develop/index.md

## Advanced development with the SDK or API

> After you can write Dockerfiles or Compose files and use Docker CLI, take it to the next level by using Docker Engine SDK for Go/Python or use the HTTP API directly.
> 
> - [Docker Engine SDK](../engine/api/sdk/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
> - [HTTP API](../engine/api/latest/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}

Reviewer: Thanks! Thinking we can;

- remove the "target=blank", because these links point to other locations in the documentation, and I don't think it's needed to open those in a new tab / window
- perhaps instead we should link to https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/, which (in the left-hand navigation) has links to both the SDK, the API reference, as well as providing a introduction to the API and links to SDK examples

Given that it would then be a single link, perhaps remove the bullet-list, and make it part of the paragraph itself;

```suggestion
After you can write Dockerfiles or Compose files and use Docker CLI, take it to
the next level by using Docker Engine SDK for Go/Python or use the HTTP API
directly. Visit the [Develop with Docker Engine API](../engine/api/index.md)
section to learn more about developing with the Engine API, where to find SDKs
for your programming language of choice, and to see some examples.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, makes more sense to link to the API section so users can see links to API and SDK docs.
